Sometimes reading error messages is not enough or you don't even get a message like here I get my service
here right.
And if I click on them I can't eat them.
And it seems to work until I clicked the last one or if I deleted all of them the only one.
So deleting the last server is not working.
I can click it as often as I want.
It's not going away.
Now you have a look at our code at the template.
First we see that on each list item I call on remove server and I do pass by the index of the current
iteration to that method.
Now of course we could simply dive into the types of code here and have a look at this.
And there we see well we get the position of this item and then we simply call splice to remove the
item element in disarray at this position.
So you might say Well that looks all right.
Sometimes it's just not super easy to debug a message like this because we're not getting an error message
but we get a logical error in an hour.
Now debugging is supported by developer tools in a browser though.
So it would be great if we could simply check at runtime.
Why this is not working in Chrome.
You can simply go to sources and here you will find all these sources important on this page.
So in this case all our bundles that there are a couple of bundles as you see the important one for
us is of course the main bundle.
And if we have a look at the main model year that's not super easy to debug right now theoretically
of course we can have a look at it and there let's find just seems to be our template here with container
and row and maybe we can find D line responsible for splicing here and then maybe we want to debug here
and if you try to place a breakpoint here which you of course can do in your developer tools you'll
see something changed.
It jumped to the app component typescript file.
Now remember typescript is not what runs on the browser.
So there the javascript dismantled here are used.
How can we now access typescript because these javascript files support source maps source maps are
a little addition.
DC I've kind of adds to our banners which allow the browser to translate our javascript code to type
or to simply mapped map the javascript code to our typescript files in development only Deese source
Mab's will be stripped out for production of course.
So this is a great feature because now we can place breakpoints year in our typescript code in the final
click somewhere.
You see it indeed pauses.
And now we can check and even see that Id currently is too.
Which makes sense because I liked this idea which has an idea of 2 just to show again here.
Now with this item now I'd use one because again the middle item which is the one in this case because
we started 0 for the first item and then we see that position is undefined right now.
Now we can move on a step now we see position is 2.
And now we can also check service and inservice we see well-positioned to of course is the last server
in the list.
So if we let this continue.
It looks like the middle one was removed but actually the last one was removed and we can confirm this
by checking this if I click on the last one which was the thing which was not working with the ideas
one makes sense it's the second element of two anti-ID starts at zero so id one makes sense.
But now position is too because we add one to the ID.
So now we try to delete the element at position to serve as array and clearly we don't have that element
here.
We only have two elements with positions 0 and 1.
So the logical error in our code is that we add 1 to the idea here and that is how we could debug that
with the typescript code.
Here with that source map that of course would allow us to now fix this bug.
Now correct you might say that's awesome.
That's great but if I have to scan my main Bondel to then click somewhere to open a typescript file.
That's not really a great web tool because if that Bonnell grows bigger it gets even harder to find
the right was bought.
Therefore you can directly access your typescript falls under wet pack.
Here you should find a couple of sub folders and if you open up the dot folder here and then sors here
in the app folder and so on you find all your typescript files.
So here is where you can directly access your DB types of files in the same structure as in your project
to easily find the file you want to dive into and you want to debug.
We have to grow them debug developer tools so that is another great tool at your disposal.
Besides reading error messages using the debugger with source maps with typescript files to either of
course dive into arrows for which you have error messages but also into logical errors like here.